README.md, before:

![Modular Societies Logo](https://github.com/luandro/modular-societies/blob/master/assets/logo.png)

## Introduction

Through meditation and similar practices, one can for brief moments become external to himself. And by doing this, he can in turn ponder about aspects of himself that would otherwise have been hidden.

In a similar way, once you become external to your own society and venture to isolated communities, patterns of social behaviors and techniques emerge. The contrast between community and individualistic social lifestyles makes possible to analyze through both perspectives how economics, politics and communications have development in the contemporary world.

This essay will try identify patterns and guidelines that could be useful for the creation and sustenance of modular societies.

## Bases

Ideally societies should have come to exist from common needs that would be more easily solved from combining efforts of many groups of people. Unfortunately as history tells us, it was less about choice and more about force.

Commit message:

some more edits, getting shaped

README.md, after:

![Modular Societies Logo](https://github.com/luandro/modular-societies/blob/master/assets/logo.png)

## Introduction

In just about one decade of existence the World Wide Web emerged and became, where available, the de-facto medium for human communication. 

But as I write this, early 2016, we are still making use of electronic plaforms similarlly to the way we were with technologies like the television or the phone. Negalacting the use of this technology in many fundamental areas of social organization such as exchange of goods and decision making. This essay is an investigation on the philosophy, use and impact of electronic communication technologies that have contributed to what I would call modular societies.

This form of social organization is many ways derived from to the concept of the [Global Village](http://wikipedia.com/global_village). But a mainly urban life-style had many social consequences such as wide-spread of neo-liberal economic practices, the acceptance of an oligaricarian model of governance, which in turn had many other negative impacts on the satisfaction of [Fundamental Human Needs](http://wikipedia.com/fundamental_human_needs). 

## Dark Age of the Web

The sad truth is that the most users either have become addicted to instant communication, which has generated wide spread of very anti-social real world behavior; content most users generated is a reflection of information created by the same old sources; and are as if they could only read, and not write, because of the dificulty involved in being a part of the web structure.

## Barefoot sociaties

This essay will try identify patterns and guidelines that could be useful for the creation and sustenance of modular societies.

## Bases

Ideally societies should have come to exist from common needs that would be more easily solved from combining efforts of many groups of people. Unfortunately as history tells us, it was less about choice and more about force for the most part of the so called "civilized world".

As we enter a new phase of human development where communication has become global, we can now start conceiving alternative ways of organizing ourselves. The most obvious question is than what would be the bases for our comming together to form a society? The achievement of well being would be the most sensible answer, as this is what every person works to achieve.  

## The New Model

			You never change things by fighting the existing reality. To change something, build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete


## Thank you!

Please leave some feedback. Pull requests with edits are very welcome.
